I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Flying on Holiday
Peppa and George are going on holiday.
They are packing their bags.
You can't pack everything.
But we need to take all our toys, Daddy.
Ho! Ho! Just take the important ones.
OK!
I'll take Teddy, and George can take.
Dinosaur! Grr.
Mummy Pig is packing a big bag
for the holiday.
Wow! That's a lot of stuff, Mummy Pig.
Are you sure we need it all?
Yes! It's all very important.
OK!
It is Susie Sheep.
Hello, Peppa. Do you want to play?
I can't play today, Susie.
I'm going on holiday.
Oh? Where are you going?
I don't know.
Somewhere where there's holidays.
That sounds nice.
Oh! Granny and Grandpa!
Why are you here?
We're here for Goodie the fish.
We are looking after her
while you are on holiday.
Here's Goodie.
Don't feed her too much, Granny.
OK, Peppa.
It is Mr. Bull in his taxi.
He's taking Peppa and her family to the airport.
Hello, Daddy Pig.
Let me take that bag for you.
Wow! Ah! That's heavy.
Are you sure you need everything in here?
Yes, it's all very important.
Bye!
Bye-bye!
This is the airport.
Goodbye! Have a lovely holiday.
Tickets, please.
Here they are.
Any bags?
Yes, I'm afraid this one's a bit heavy.
Don't worry!
Just pop it on the scales.
Anything valuable in it?
No?
Any more?
Yes.
You can take those little bags
on the plane with you.
Just join the queue over there.
This is the X-Ray machine.
What's this, Daddy?
It's a machine
that looks inside things.
Woo!
Put your bags on here, please.
Look, it's my bag, with Teddy inside.
Dinosaur! Grr…
That's magic!
This is the aeroplane that will take
Peppa and her family on the holiday.
Aeroplane!
George loves aeroplanes.
Welcome aboard!
We hope you enjoy your flight with us today.
Can I sit next to the window?
Ha! Ha! Of course, Peppa.
Yes, George.
You can sit next to the window too.
This is Captain Emergency speaking.
Is everybody ready?
Yes, Captain Emergency.
Then let's go.
Wee!
Look, Teddy. We are flying.
What can you see out of the window, Peppa?
It's all cloudy and rainy.
Woo! Now, it's sunny.
That's because we are on top of the clouds.
The plane is flying higher and higher.
Oh! Are we flying up to the sun?
No! But we are going somewhere sunny.
Flying high in a plane,
up above the clouds and rain.
Flying high, sunny sky.
Flying higher and higher.
Peppa and her family are flying through the sky,
on their way to a sunny holiday.